README.md, before:

# neural-style-docker

![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_afremov_sw5000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_broca_sw5000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_brownrays_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_ediaonise_sw1500_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_edimburgGraffit_sw20000.0_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_himesama_sw10000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_paisaje_urbano-hundertwasser_sw2000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_potatoes_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_RenoirDogesPalaceVenice_sw1500_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_revellerAndCourtesan_sw2000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_seated-nude_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_starryNight_sw1500_ss1.png)

A dockerized version of the [neural style algorithm by jcjohnson](https://github.com/jcjohnson/neural-style), with a simple flask server to produce images. [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker) is used to make use of GPU hardware if available.

## Install

Prerequisites

* [docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker)
* Appropriate nvidia drivers for your GPU

Once this is met you can build the image with

	nvidia-docker build -t neural-style .

## Use as command

You can invoke the neural-style command by simply running a container of this image, for example:

	nvidia-docker run --rm neural-style -h

produces the usage help.

To apply the neural-style method on some host images, map the host folder with such images to the container /images folder through a volume such as

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images neural-style -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune -content_image content.png -style_image style.png

The container uses as work directory the /images folder, so the results will be readily available at the mounted host folder.

In order to take full advantage of the cudnn libraries (also included in the image) the options -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune are always recommended.

As an example, let's redraw Docker's logo in the famous style of Van Gogh's Starry Night:

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images neural-style -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune -content_image doc/docker.png -style_image doc/starryNight.jpg

### Generating variants

Running the command 

	nvidia-docker run --rm --entrypoint python neural-style /neural-style/variants.py

will generate several variants of the same image blends, for different neural-style parameters that work well in general. This is useful for producing several versions of the same blend and afterwards hand-picking the best one. Run this command with the -h option to obtain usage help.

For example, to generate different variants of Docker logo + Starry Night:

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images --entrypoint python neural-style /neural-style/variants.py --contents doc/docker.png --styles doc/starryNight.jpg --outfolder .

	
## Use as server

You can also deploy neural-style as an API REST server, running

	nvidia-docker run -d -p 80:80 --entrypoint "python" neural-style /neural-style/app.py

and you will get a server listening to localhost:80. Docs on API usage are available at http://localhost:80/v1/ui/ . This server only supports basic parameters, so the command method above should be preferred.

Commit message:

Reduce size of image
REST API server endpoint deprecated

README.md, after:

# neural-style-docker

![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_afremov_sw5000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_broca_sw5000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_brownrays_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_ediaonise_sw1500_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_edimburgGraffit_sw20000.0_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_himesama_sw10000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_paisaje_urbano-hundertwasser_sw2000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_potatoes_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_RenoirDogesPalaceVenice_sw1500_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_revellerAndCourtesan_sw2000_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_seated-nude_sw375_ss1.png)
![Stylized Docker](./doc/docker_starryNight_sw1500_ss1.png)

A dockerized version of the [neural style algorithm by jcjohnson](https://github.com/jcjohnson/neural-style), with a simple flask server to produce images. [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker) is used to make use of GPU hardware if available.

## Install

### Prerequisites

* [docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* [nvidia-docker](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker)
* Appropriate nvidia drivers for your GPU

### Installation

You can either pull the Docker image from Docker Hub with

	docker pull albarji/neural-style

or build the image locally with

	make

## Simple use

Just run

	bash scripts/fake-it.sh

This applies a blend of content and style with some default parameters. Both content and style images must be present in the "contents" and "styles" folders, respectively.

Example: to draw the Golden Gate bridge the style of Van Gogh's Starry Night, type

	bash scripts/fake-it.sh goldengate.jpg vangogh.jpg

## Advanced use

### Use as the neural-style command

You can invoke the neural-style command by simply running a container of this image, for example:

	nvidia-docker run --rm albarji/neural-style -h

produces the usage help.

To apply the neural-style method on some host images, map the host folder with such images to the container /images folder through a volume such as

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images albarji/neural-style -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune -content_image content.png -style_image style.png

The container uses as work directory the /images folder, so the results will be readily available at the mounted host folder.

In order to take full advantage of the cudnn libraries (also included in the image) the options -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune are always recommended.

As an example, let's redraw Docker's logo in the famous style of Van Gogh's Starry Night:

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images albarji/neural-style -backend cudnn -cudnn_autotune -content_image contents/docker.png -style_image styles/vangogh.jpg

### Generating variants

Running the command 

	nvidia-docker run --rm --entrypoint python albarji/neural-style /neural-style/variants.py

will generate several variants of the same image blends, for different albarji/neural-style parameters that work well in general. This is useful for producing several versions of the same blend and afterwards hand-picking the best one. Run this command with the -h option to obtain usage help.

For example, to generate different variants of Docker logo + Starry Night:

	nvidia-docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/images --entrypoint python albarji/neural-style /neural-style/variants.py --contents contents/docker.png --styles styles/vangogh.jpg --outfolder .
